God is so ingrained within me that not a word can I utter which ultimately loses sight of the most distant past from where it originated.  In this sense the past is kept alive in the function of memory - a function quite like that in Mathematics, in which God is that variable x, and I, the f which acts upon it.  I <u>am</u> the dependent variable.  f(x)=x; a straight line through the origin.

But God is all numbers, both real and imaginary, rational and irrational.  But why should God be imaginary?  Or better why should he be an irrational number?  Well why <u>shouldn't</u> he be.  Besides, we are the ones in His image who call it irrational.  Why can't every irrational number have a neat little symbol to go with it, much like <pi> or <e>?  Well there's be infinite of them - and so the ones that keep opping up, that just won't go away - we've assigned special characters.  Can we build things with <sqrt>5</sqrt> like we can with <pi>?  Or are you one of "those people" who need everything nice and proper and even?  I know I am, that's for sure, but wouldn't it be nice to make something like a <sqrt>5</sqrt> work?

Father Sacchari, a Jesuit monk, embarked upon the noble task of proving Euclid's Parallel Axiom, thus solidifying the truth of all triangles having angle sum of exactly 180*.  In the process, he descovered that this was not so - that indeed other "realities" existed with "imperfect" triangles - triangles with "defects."  Not only that but if a "parent triangle" were defective (with an angle sum less than 180*), its "children" (created by drawing a cevian from one of the triangle's vertices to the side opposite it) would be defective*.  Theoretically, the defect of each child would approach zero as the number of children reached infinity.  Dare I say that the children would become perfect, by definition, when the number became infinity?  Father Saccheri threw out his conclusion as "the devil's work," and, some generations later was called "foolish" for his actions, but he was not foolish by any means.  Saccheri was idealistic, and to be idealistic is not to be foolish but to be wise.  To be idealistic is to reach for infinity.  But pople think it's foolishness because they know they will never "catch" it.  And so they stop chasing it, and <u>that</u> is foolishness.  One pursues the horizon, not to catch the Sun, but to stay in the light.  I don't have the answers but I'm hot on their heels!
* sure puts a lot of pressure on us parents, doesn't it?

I had that impression about logic when I had read some about Descartes.  I cracked open his book and read a letter he had written something to the effect of "I have discovered a way to lead someone to the logical conclusion of God's existence!"  "My word!"  I thought to myself, "This is incredible!" So I wondered what had happened, seeing as how the letter had been published in the 17th century.  I checked online and found out that the debate over the ixistence of God is still ongoing!  There's plenty of forums where one can go and see all the latest arguments and complex usages of words and, with such precision too! I also found out that the debate had been going on at least 2000 years ago, in the time of the greate philosophers. So what happened so that Descartes was so excited that he would claim such a thing and then give the argument that was to be the "end-all" argument that would "prove" to the rational mind that God exists?  I speculated about this, and I'm still speculating about it, almost 2000 days later.  God cannot be grasped in the brain; or can He?  The brain is the "playing field" which Descartes was trying to dominate, but the playing field was <stars>created</stars>.  Descartes should've known this; didn't he envision the Cartesian plane?  He's like "step into this Cartesian plane and I'll show you mathematically the source of all mathematical objects."  But you can't represent hyperbolic lines in the Cartesian plane; you can't show imaginary numbers, unless you change the axes; And even in a 3-dimensional Cartesian coordinate system, you can't graph a vector with 4-dimensions!

So I came up with a solution to Descarte's Dilemna.  He has to use logic to lead the brain <u>out of itself</u>.  did you ever imagine what would happen if you showed a mirror to himself, using a mirror?  So I had this idea to use my intellect to get really super famous, to the point that all the world's eyes were on me, and I got up on stage to give a speech - and I opened my mouth to speak - but instead truend into a ball of white light.  "It would be the Greatest Trick of the Century!"  I said to myself, as it wouldn't be more than a hundred years before someone outdid me.  But the beauty of it is that the "white light" wasn't me.  It was the thing I was trying to point to this whole Time, but everybody, including me, was so fascinated by my finger.

I have since come up with a Solution for Sacchari, as well.  Saccheri was not a fool, as his disvoery was, indeed in a sense, the devil's work, except to the staunchest materialist.  In order to happen upon the idea of what is now called non-Euclidean Geometry, you better believe that Father Saccheri was deep into the nitty-gritty of the details, which, we all know, is where the devil lies - pun-intended.  We'd rather not come across this uncomely fellow, but it is alost always by unintended chance, and it <u>will</u> happen [even Jesus could not avoid an encounter with "the enemy"] - but there is a Rock upon which one may stand up to evil so that it backs down.  If every defective triangle begets defective triangles, let me remind the reader that in the non-Euclidean hyperbolic plane (or even elliptic, for that matter), the lines only <u>appear</u> curved, but in fact are straight, within the context of its geometry.  So how are we ever to "correct" a triangle that is defective, considering that by the very definition of the "reality" in which it exists, every triangle has angle sum strictly less than 180* - meaning a perfect triangle is *<u>impossible</u>*?  It's a long question, but we can't just pretend the hyperbolic reality doesn't exist - Especially when it's been claimed that this particular reality is the reality of the physical universe!  But what if we could crop the triangle in question from the hyperblic plane, and graft it into a plane where every triangle must be perfect, by definition, and a defective triangle is *impossible*?  Let's do that.  They said it couldn't be done, but with today's technology, I could have both planes open on my desktop, and drag a box around the triangle in one plane, push Ctrl+x, click in the Euclidean plane, and Ctrl+v it into the only state which a triangle can be in when in this plane - prefect.  What if we did it in reverse?  When the Euclidean triangle reached the hyperbolic plane, it wouldn't know what angle sum to take on!  Anything less than 180* means, not just 50, but infinite shades of grey.  The Euclidean plane renders all triangles equal in their perfection.

Today I was told I am useless.  In <u>your</u> geometry, yes, I am.  My bosses tell me about my mistakes; my defects.  Has anybody told them about the wonders of Euclidean Geometry?!  It seems not.  I dn't conform to their system - but their system was created by them.  When I create a system, nobody will have any defects within it.  It'll have to be a really <u>extra</u>-ordinary system to be able to take any triangle that's been told is defective and render it perfect.  Well that system already was created.  But mine will be a sub-system, which will have nothing "sub" about it.  Because it will be perfect like its progenitor.

This brings me to the Holy Trinity.  How can the Son be the Father, and yet be separate?  Before throwing away such things as non-realities and labeling them as "the devil's work" - it's always best to approach it from that Rock of Ages - the perfect system that renders unto all the like.  The only thing systematic about it, as far as I can yet tell, is that it makes each thing perfect by its suzerainty.  

I Don't know for what practical purposes I am writing this, but like my favorite professor said: "Mathemeticians don't worry about the practical applications of their discoveries; they're just doing their job by developing theorems and stuff.  Whether the theorems are of use is of no concern to them."  The practical merit may only become evident a century later.  But then by that time my memory, and my works, are likely to have long since faded.  Have you ever seen a camera zooming forever into a pattern constructed using the Fibonacci Sequence?  If I wanted to teach someone about what it means to say that the Son is God is the Father is God is the Holy Spirit, I would show them the Fibonacci spiral.

But oh, there is much much more!
