Sunlight drenching, drip-dropping off of every surface rendering all to be beautiful. That was the sentiment I got as I fixed my eyes on a trash-can, about 10 meters away, plastic cup in-hand. I was doing my duty as an upright citizen of my immediate environment, the cup was half-full, placed carefully out of the way in the corner of where the stone street met a building in an open-aired alleyway. The cup of my soul was half-full at this point in my life, and I was searching for the other half and had not yet realized it. It would be months before I would realize it, knowing only that I wanted a great responsibility which my juvenile habits were not yet ready to endure.

My eyes fixed upon the trash-can, I made my way towards my singular purpose of cleaning up the world around me and, as I came within a few feet of the trash-can, my will began to assert itself upon the contents of the trash, truly imbibing of the proverb "one man's trash is another man's treasure", loosely hoping to find some article of use amongst the top layer of refuse. I placed the cup down into the can and with one-and-the-same motion whirled the bottom of the cup around that top layer just to see what treasures may have been poorly hidden. My wife makes the reasonable claim that I was "digging in the trash." But only lightly digging! 

I was houseless - not homeless, although I tell most folks I was homeless, because I've forgotten the difference. I had a shirt once which said "My home is in my head" - which was the attitude I kept during my journeyings in the wilderness of these urban areas of the United States.

My wife had prayed for an angel and I, I prayed for direction. You see, I needed directions to the public library. The streets were aligned in a square, which didn't cover a very large area - not even a quarter-mile squared. Just as the memory of children tend to magnify the dimensions of things remembered, so I was a child. The library was so near, yet my original directions failed me and I had gotten lost. I encountered a middle-aged couple out for a leisurely stroll in the beautiful summer sunshine and asked them "Do you know where the library is? I've become lost." "Oh, it's very easy," they said in unison - "You just walk down this street take a small right and then your immediate left and continue straight and you'll run right into it." 

By the time I was digging in the trash-can, I had become lost a second time. I barely had time to rummage before a pedestrian approached and I abruptly asked, "Excuse me, do you know where the library is?" She began to explain that it was only a straight shot from where I was, and said she was heading there herself. I knew that I would be walking there at the same time and thought it strange that two people heading to exactly the same place and the same exact time should be walking separately and having separate thoughts, so I naturally asked her if I could walk with her. Turns out this was part of a larger plan in which I would be heading to exactly the same place at the same time as this woman for the rest of my life.
